So even though I wasn't really a jock in high school, I actually had a
lot of interesting activities. So I ran track and field and I was varsity
material, unfortunately I sprained my ankle during my junior
year so that ended my college aspirations. But I also ran cross country
you know, cross country first you know running three miles at our
meets and then track and field in the spring, where you run fast.
I also tried my hand at other things like I guess wrestling for a day
or two, basketball I tried and I didn't get accepted but also I was
involved in things like SADD, Students Against Drunk Driving, Amnesty
International, and a cornucopia of other things.